hi everyone i hope you
go well today I'll go
show how to download it seems the
good trip with utorrent super easy
firstly we will click on
the link to the video who you are who
takes you to utorrent and you go
download utorrent after doing
you will click on the link for the
good trip sims that will take you
on this page
that of his a little bit and click for sure
in our passes that this cgdd advertising
the prick is safe obtained on 30 or in
English she would decide the explained the
hand if the opportunity their ok then the he
is still downloading when
you're done when it's written
shared towards here zeal and click on
open the reception folder which you
takes to 112 6 receptions but
since this exchange is not finished
cancel them i'm going to go live on the
folder to me who already downloaded that
you arrive here and their record good
trip is finished download all
so I asked him one too after having
Youtube
if your thing for the sims 2 have a good trip
you go on the link of Sunday all
go if you are going to arrive on this page
the
this is here on this page then
you will click download
for free but if you want
buy it is what you want after
have downloaded light coats but
there you have your record you go
on the software you come to themed theme
unload demonstrates the you get here
that happened to them with coats and
there you will click here
add a virtual drive but I have
already made sure I screamed and after
you will click here
add an image to take you in
the download help document
he admits surgery the record sign of
have a nice trip
there you click here
and here he is there here create them you have
clicked on it is labeled
White
in any case after being on run
then he arrived on the page of
facilities the steering wheel flying codes
the code is super simple you go
in the folder the or do some
stormy alas here tell you which one you
go copy be done copy ok
he had started installing the cims
good trip after he will take you to
the here you are going to have the cims of good
trip
but if you click, you mean
install put the cd inside
the computer but there you have not the
give in you go right click
property you taught her to go on
you go on on the main folder
or italy in the netherlands
there you go there on the sorry
I had to click on the wrong path
well there they get you here on the
game properties like lol you do
nothing happen to you if you make a
small file but know there see
you have a sims 2 p 6 there you go
on the record of youtube hands of the
ground of a trick here you see a
sims 2 ep 6 you make yourself take
then send it
here she did copy game parcels
can be copied replace after
you're going to reclick on visa should
start and then it's very important
before you can install the sims 2
good trip
it's important to have the sims 2 where
you otherwise the sims 2 double deluxe com -
ge and that's good thank you for being
the videos and if you want to have
other tito or other kind of earlier
I do not wear what is riddled in
comments underneath a video and
do not forget to subscribe to be
always to my videos
thank you goodbye